Implementing bind, this one is tricky.
It's a little tricky, you have to know
about scope, and context, call, and apply.
And if you failed on this one or
you couldn't get anything down,
don't feel bad.
We're gonna learn the solution now.
The best part of learning
is sometimes its failure.
You have to fail because you'll remember.
You'll remember this now because you're
like, I spent so long on this and
then it clicks in place,
you're like this makes sense.
This is how JavaScript works.
Now I know a little bit more.
And being honest,
I wanna work with people who failed.
I don't wanna work with people
who only succeed in life.
That means they didn't learn as much.
Not saying if you're super successful,
you didn't learn a lot.
But people that have failed,
they know what it's like to fall down and
get back up.
And that's what it's like.
Because remember,
half the interviews you're gonna fail.
Like almost probably, you're gonna fail
over half the interviews you take.
That's okay.
I failed many,
I failed on this question before.
But now I know how to solve it,
and that's just part of learning.
All right, so let's do the standard way
we always approach a problem, which is,
I need to implement
function.prototype.bind.
Since it's a prototype,
I'm gonna start off there.
So function.prototype.bind.
And we know because it's a function
that we're gonna eventually invoke,
it's gonna be a function.
So I'm gonna say function.
And I'm gonna make
an anonymous function for now.
And this function is gonna take
an argument which will be the new context
that we're trying to pass in.
So I'm gonna call you context for now.
And we know eventually the way we invoke
bind is we're setting the new context and
we're gonna invoke it later.
And if you ever see a pattern like this or
someone says, you're returning a function
that's gonna eventually be invoked later,
you know it's gonna return a new function.
So let's say,
return another anonymous function.
And I'm not gonna take any
arguments on this one.
Okay, but ultimately,
what do we wanna accomplish with bind?
We're trying to return a function
that has a different context.
And how do we do that?
We do it with our old
friends either call or apply.
So I wanna say the function,
I could say some function and
then I wanna call or apply it.
But because this one is
a little trickier and
I could have asked a slightly
different question.
But I could have said,
how do you implement just bind?
Which would take a function and a context.
I could have asked that.
But I'm saying, this is the prototype now.
So in this case, so I'm gonna say this,
Is the function itself.
So we don't need to pass in the function
because it's implied in this because we're
on the prototype of that function.
Okay, so we have the function.
Actually, I'm gonna make
it easier to grock.
I'm gonna call you the function is this.
And I need to invoke this function so
I can say call.
And I'm going to pass in the context.
That's it.
People are nodding, you're nodding
along at home, it makes sense now.
The solution's pretty short.
So if I wanted to say,
if I don't want to just implement bind,
because we all learn differently and
this is a different way of doing it.
Exit bind, it's gonna take a function and
the context.
I can just take that out,
and it's the same solution.
All right, any questions on this, yes?
>> I almost got it except I used
apply what does apply mean.
>> Yes, apply works just as well.
>> All right, okay.
>> It will just change the way,
and I didn't get more advanced.
This to me is a perfect solution or
not a perfect solution, it works for
white board.
I'm not trying to trick you.
If I wanted to make it more difficult or
someone's being a wise person,
they're trying to be like, I got this.
I'd be like, okay, so
how do you deal with arguments?
So you'd have to know that you can pass or
with call,
it would be the arguments actually for
this one, for call, I'd use apply.
And then I take the arguments and
I spread them out.
Args, arguments, and I'd spread them
out if I want to pass arguments.
But, again, I didn't wanna get that deep.
I just wanna know conceptually,
do people understand scope and how to
change it if you really had to, much
bigger than just calling call or reply.
All right, questions?
>> A more, I guess,
technical question, but
in the implementation of
the prototype you created a constant.
And then you referenced that constant in
the new anonymous function that you're
returning.
Is that because if you
actually just used this,
it would be bound to the anonymous
function that you're returning?
>> Mm-hm, that's exactly right.
It would be bound to the complex
that you apply it in.
>> Yeah, okay.
>> But in this case we wanna make sure
that when this function is invoked,
we wanna make sure this is accessible,
so we state it within the scope.
Good question, though.
This is why this one's a bit
more advanced, more for
on the senior side, is you have to
understand scoping and things like that.
All right, all right,
now if you ever see this question again,
you'll know the general structure.
And I think if you get
the general structure, and
you realize that you'll have to call or
apply at some point, that's helpful.
But again, if you didn't get it it's okay.
We all start somewhere.
I have failed all these question before.